Add a secret list example (#60)
1Password/onepassword-operator: README.md

  itemPath: "vaults/<vault_id_or_title>/items/<item_id_or_title>" 
```

> To create a list of Kubernetes Secrets from a 1Password items, create a yaml file with the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a list of Kubernetes Secrets from 1Password items, create a yaml file with the following
```

```yaml
apiVersion: onepassword.com/v1
kind: OnePasswordItemList
items:
  - metadata:
      name: <item_name_1> #this name will also be used for naming the generated kubernetes secret
    spec:
      itemPath: "vaults/<vault_id_or_title>/items/<item_id_or_title>"
  - metadata:

>       name: <item_name_2> #this name will also be used for naming the generated kubernetes secret

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
      name: <item_name_2> #this name will also be used for naming another of the generated kubernetes secrets
```
